title: Do not preach Prosperity Gospel
categories: religion
tags:
  - Gospel
  - Let the nations be glad
author: xin.wang
description: 'Only preach Jesus Christ and him crucified.'
date: 2017-07-07 17:11:54
---

There is only one true Gospel, only be center of Jesus, only be center of Cross. Like apostle Paul said : 

***For I decided to know nothing, while I was with you except Jesus Christ and Him crucified.***

The follow is about 12 appeals on do not preach information apart from the true Gospel.

### 1. Treasuring Christ above money
Do not preach a gospel that puts unnecessary obstacles in the way of People getting into heaven.

Jesus said: "How ddifficult it will be for those who have wealth to enter the kingdom of God?". The answer is **Impossible**! It means **It can't be done**.

We can not make ourselves stop treasuring money above Chirst.

### 2. Setting our affections on Christ
Do not preach a gospel that kindles suicidal desires in people.

The apostle Paul warned against the desire to be rich. For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evils. And we all, both the poor and the rich constantly in danger of setting our affections , our hope, our security on riches rather than Christ.

### 3. Be givers, not keepers
Do not preach a gospel that encourages vnlnerability to moth and rust.

Jesus tell us to be givers, not keepers.

### 4. To have in order to give
Do not preach a gospel that makes good work a means of getting rich.

With our own hands to hard work. But the main purpose was not merely to hoard or even to have. The purpose was 'To have in order to give'. This is not a justification for being rich in order to give more. It is a call to ***make more and keep less*** so you can give more.

### 5. Be content with what you have

Do not preach a gospel that promotes less faith in God's promise and diminishes the glory of God's help.

Our lord is our helper, and he will provide and protect. Be content with what you have. Because God promise he will never to leave us nor forsake us.


### 6. Be the good soil, be fruitful
Do no preach a gospel that contributes to people being choked to death.

It is like a seed that grows up among thorns. But as the seed grow, it will be choked by life worries, riches and pleasures, and it do not mature.

### 7. Be light, be salt
Do not preach a gospel that takes the seasoning out of the salt and puts the light under a blasket.

The desire for wealth and the pursuit of wealth tastes and looks just like the world. Desiring to be rich makes us like the world, not different. In that case, we do not offer to the world anything different from what it already believes in. 

What you should be are the joyful willingness to suffer for Christ. What will make the world taste the salt and see the light of Christ in us is the willingness and the ability of Christians to love others through suffering.

***The saltiness is the taste of joy in the hardship.***

### 8. The necessity of suffering
Do not preach a gospel that conceals the necessity of suffering in the Christian life.

***Through many tribulations, we must enter the kingdom of God.***
The Peter too said that suffering is the normal pathway to God's eternal blessing.

### 9. The importance of suffering in the Christian life
Do not preach a gospel that obscures the God-ordained purpose of suffering in the Christian life.

Suffering is necessary for followers of Christ. But why?

1.Suffering deepens faith and holiness
2.Suffering makes your cup increase
3.Suffering is the price of making others bold
4.Suffering fills up what is lacking in Christ's afflications
5.Suffering enforces the missionary command to go
6.The supremacy of Christ is manifest in suffering

### 10. shift to go-tell religion

Do not preach a gospel that ignores the shift from a come-see religion in the Old Testament to a go-tell religion in the New Testament.

In the Old Testament, It is a come-see religion. There is a geographic center of the people of God. There is a physical temple, an earthly king, a political regime and so on. With the coming of Christ all of this changed. There is no geographic center for Christianity; Jesus has replaced the temple, the priests, the sacrifices.

The new Testament does not present a come-see religion, but a go-tell religion.

We brought nothing into the world, and we can not take anything out of the world. But if we have food and clothing, with these we will be content. Why? because the call to Christ is a call to 'share in suffering as a good soldier of Christ Jesus'.

### 11. Money is not the motivation of ministry

Do not preach a gospel that minimizes the sin of making godliness a means of gain. Jesus said 'It is more blessed to give than to receive'

### 12. God himself is the most treasure

Do not preach a gospel that obscures the biblical truth that God himself is the greatest treasure.

Chirst is not magnifying most by being the giver of wealth. He is magnified most by satifying the soul of those who sacrifice to love others in the ministry of the gospel. 

The new Testament aims at the glory of Christ, not the glory of his gifts.